Improving the Exploit
The default exit method of Metasploit
shellcode following its execution
is the ExitProcess API.
This exit method will shut down the whole
web service process
when the reverse shell is terminated,
effectively killing the SyncBreeze
service and causing it to crash.
If the program we are exploiting is a
threaded application,
and in this case it is, we can try to
avoid crashing the service completely
by using the ExitThread API instead,
which only terminates the affected
thread of the program.
This will make our exploit work without
interrupting the usual operation
of the SyncBreeze server, and will allow
us to repeatedly exploit the server
and exit the shell without bringing down
the service.
To instruct msfvenom to use the ExitThread
method during shellcode generation,
we can use the EXITFUNC=thread option.
Let’s replace the shellcode in our exploit
with this one.
Once again, we’ll establish our Netcat
listener on port 443,
and re-run our exploit.
Everything still appears to be working.
Let’s re-establish our netcat listener and
try the exploit again
to see if Syncbreeze is still running and
exploitable.
Excellent, Sync Breeze no longer crashes
after we exit our shell.